c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe.config
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.pdb
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software_OO.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software_OO.pdb
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.inicial.resources
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.pdb
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\natanniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Sincronizacao.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe.config
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software.pdb
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software_OO.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Zenfox_Software_OO.pdb
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.inicial.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Sincronizacao.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.exe
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.pdb
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Autenticacao.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Cadastros.Produto.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Cadastros.Produto_Cadastro.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Configura_Database.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Inicializando.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Cadastros.Fornecedor.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Cadastros.Fornecedor_Cadastro.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.caixa.Caixa.resources
C:\Users\Natanniel\Desktop\Zenfox_Software\Zenfox_Software\obj\Debug\Zenfox_Software.Cadastros.Configuracao.resources
